# Athletic Sales Analysis

## Overview

This repository contains code and data for performing an analysis of athletic sales data. The goal of this analysis is to gain insights into sales trends, identify top-performing regions and retailers, and understand the impact of various factors on sales.

The right code and data are under the "M5_Starter_Code 2" directory

## Prerequisites

Before running the analysis, make sure you have the following prerequisites installed:

- Python (3.7 or higher)
- Jupyter Notebook
- Pandas
- Matplotlib

You can install the required Python packages using pip:

```shell
pip install pandas matplotlib
```
## Usage

Clone this repository to your local machine:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/juanlavieri/athletic_sales_analysis.git
```
Navigate to the project directory:
```shell
cd athletic_sales_analysis/"M5_Starter_Code 2"
```
Open the Jupyter Notebook:
```shell
jupyter notebook
```
Open the athletic_sales_analysis.ipynb notebook in Jupyter.

Follow the instructions and run the code cells sequentially in the notebook. The notebook is structured into sections, each focusing on a specific aspect of the analysis, such as data loading, cleaning, visualization, and insights.

Explore the results and visualizations generated by the analysis to gain insights into athletic sales data.

## Data
The data for this analysis is provided in the Resources directory. This dataset contains information about sales transactions, including retailer information, product details, sales figures, and more.

## Contributing
If you'd like to contribute to this project, feel free to fork the repository and create a pull request with your changes. We welcome contributions and improvements.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments
This project was created as a part of the SMU's AI Bootcamp.
Thanks to the contributors and maintainers of the libraries and tools used in this analysis.